batches: decrease retry count and restrict retries by status code (#49919)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/how-tos/handling_errored_changesets.md

## Automatic retrying of errored changesets

> When Sourcegraph batch changes marks a changeset as **Retrying** it's automatically going to retry publishing it for up to 10 times if we identify the error as an error that could possibly improve with retries. No user action is needed. Errors deemed as non-retryable are errors that return status codes less than 200 or greater than 400. This behaivor applies to all codehosts excluding Github, which will automatically retry publishing 10 times regardless of any status codes returned from the codehost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an operation on a changeset results in an error, the changeset is marked as being in a **Retrying** state. In this state, Sourcegraph automatically retries the operation ten times if a retry can resolve the error.

Errors deemed non-resolvable with a retry are errors that return status codes less than 200 or more than 400. This behavior applies to all code hosts excluding Github, which will automatically retry publishing ten times regardless the status code returned.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for improvement here.

Reviewer 2: Prime iterating here. Here's my take one step further!

```suggestion
If an operation on a changeset results in an error that looks like it could be transient or resolvable if retried, Sourcegraph will automatically retry that operation. Typically, only internal errors and errors from the code host with HTTP status codes in the 500 range will be retried.

This will be indicated by the changeset entering a **Retrying** state. Sourcegraph will automatically retry the operation up to ten times.
```
